Update the mDoc data model (#612)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/pid-eaa-data-model.rst

Author: @fmarino-ipzs The domestic namespace is already covered in the first table, where it is used to illustrate the structure of an mDoc-CBOR Digital Credential within the nameSpaces parameter. Here bringing it is irrelevant.

Reviewer: @ZAnsaroudi ok ,feel free to make a suggestion. It is not clear to me exactly what you are referring to.

      - **Description**
      - **Reference**
    * - **name**

>       - REQUIRED. Human-readable name of the Digital Credential type. In case of multiple languages, the language tags are added to the member name, delimited by a # character as defined in :rfc:`5646` (e.g. *name#it-IT*).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - REQUIRED. Human-readable name of the Digital Credential type. In case of multiple languages, the language tags are added to the member name, delimited with the character ``#`` as defined in :rfc:`5646` (e.g. *name#it-IT*).
```

  lciIsICJYWDAwMDAwWFgiXQ~WyJHMDJOU3JRZmpGWFE3SW8wOXN5YWpBIiwgImNvbnN0
  YW50X2F0dGVuZGFuY2VfYWxsb3dhbmNlIiwgdHJ1ZV0~

mDoc-CBOR Credential Format
====================================

> The mDoc data model is based on the ISO/IEC 18013-5 standard, initially developed for the mobile driving license (mDL) use case. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The mDoc data model is based on the ISO/IEC 18013-5 standard. 
```

The mDoc data elements MUST be encoded in CBOR as defined in :rfc:`8949`.

This data model structures mDoc Digital Credentials into distinct components: namespaces (**nameSpaces**), and cryptographic proof (**issuerAuth**). 
Namespaces categorize and structure data elements (or attributes, see :ref:`Attribute_Namespaces`). While the cryptographic proof ensures integrity and authenticity through the Mobile Security Object (MSO).

> The MSO securely stores cryptographic digests of attributes within the `nameSpaces`. This allows Relying Parties to validate disclosed attributes against corresponding **digestID** values without revealing the entire credential.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The MSO securely stores cryptographic digests of attributes within the `nameSpaces`. This allows Relying Parties to validate disclosed attributes against corresponding **digestID** values without revealing the entire Credential.
```

      - According to the algorithm defined in the protected header.
      - [ISO 18013-5#9.1.2.4]
    * - **valueDigests**
      - Mapped digest by unique id, grouped by namespaces.
      - [ISO 18013-5#9.1.2.4]
    * - **deviceKeyInfo**
      - It MUST contain the Wallet Instance's public key containing the following sub-values:

          * *deviceKey* (REQUIRED).
          * *keyAuthorizations* (OPTIONAL).
          * *keyInfo* (OPTIONAL).
      - [ISO 18013-5#9.1.2.4]
    * - **status**
      - REQUIRED only if the Digital Credential is long-lived. Contains the MSO revocation information. If present, it includes a *status_list* based on the TOKEN-STATUS-LIST_ mechanism. This mechanism uses a bit array to mark revoked MSOs by their index position. 
        The `status_list` MUST contain the following sub-value:

          * *idx* (REQUIRED). Position index in the status list.
          * *uri* (REQUIRED). URI pointing to the status list resource.
      - [ISO 18013-5#9.1.2.6]

.. note::

>     The private key related to the public key stored in the `deviceKey` object is used to sign the `DeviceSignedItems` object and proves the possession of the Digital Credential during the presentation phase (see the presentation phase with mDoc-CBOR).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The private key related to the public key stored in the `deviceKey` object is used to sign the `DeviceSignedItems` object and to prove the possession of the Digital Credential during the presentation phase (see the presentation phase with mDoc-CBOR).
```
